Doc: improve referencing to `aiida-tutorials` (#6288)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/intro/tutorial_page.rst

.. _intro:tutorial_page:

**********
Tutorials
**********

> Welcome to the AiiDA tutorial!
> 
> AiiDA has an extensive and well spread tutorials, it's the best to first start the :ref:`Basic tutorial <tutorial:basic>`
> 
> 
> .. toctree::
>    :maxdepth: 1
> 
>    tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For new users, it is recommended to start with the :ref:`basic tutorial <tutorial:basic>`.
```

Reviewer: The toctree is not really helping I find. It is just adding unnecessary links

Author: > The toctree is not really helping I find. It is just adding unnecessary links

Well, the idea was to have it ready to go, for adding more tutorials so they would show up in the left panel.  But it's fine we set toctree later, once having more tutorial pages.

.. grid:: 1 1 2 2
   :gutter: 3

   .. grid-item-card:: :fa:`baby;mr-1` Basic tutorial

      .. button-ref:: tutorial:basic
         :ref-type: ref
         :click-parent:
         :class: btn-link

         First time users: Get your feet wet with AiiDA!

      Learn how to decorate your Python function quickly, and take advantage of features like automatic data storage, job submission, background process monitoring, and provenance graph visualisation.

>    .. grid-item-card::  :fa:`fire;mr-1` Archive tutorials

Author: ```suggestion
   .. grid-item-card::  :fa:`fire;mr-1` Additional tutorials
```

>       `Dive deeper into AiiDA! <https://aiida-tutorials.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
> 
>       You can get access to detailed tutorials designed for hands-on workshops. There you will find YouTube links to relevant  presentaions as well as a list of all the hands-on materials from past tutorials that the AiiDA team has organised since 2016.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      `Additional tutorials <https://aiida-tutorials.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_

      These tutorials were part of in-person hands-on workshops that have been organized since 2016.
      In addition to tutorials, they include Youtube videos of recorded presentations and demonstrations by the AiiDA team.
```
